rename PodHasNetwork to PodReadyToStartContainers as part of rename (#41744)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2022-09-14-pod-has-network-condition.md

---
layout: blog

> title: 'Kubernetes 1.25: PodReadyToStartContainers Condition for Pods'

Reviewer: History is about something happened, we are not supposed to rewrite history, for whatever reason.

It is okay to add a subsection or a callout that this feature gate has been renamed starting 1.28.

Author: I added it to the pod docs.  Are you saying I should just add a section to this post saying that PodHasNetwork -> PodReadyToStartContainers?

Reviewer: Either a new section or a new page sounds good to me.

Author: updated with just a section saying that we renamed it.

the `PodHasNetwork` condition to optimize the set of actions performed when pods
repeatedly fail to come up.

### Updates for Kubernetes 1.28

> The PodHasNetwork condition has been renamed to PodReadyToStartContainers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `PodHasNetwork` condition has been renamed to `PodReadyToStartContainers`.
```

> To enable this alpha feature you have to set the feature toggle PodReadyToStartContainersCondition 
> to true.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alongside that change, the feature gate `PodHasNetworkCondition` has been replaced by
`PodReadyToStartContainersCondition`. You need to set `PodReadyToStartContainersCondition`
to true in order to use the new feature in v1.28.0 and later.
```
